<del>When I was supposed to think of a word that annoys me in English, I couldn’t do so. Since English is not my native language, I don’t really have that relationship to words. But then a word came to mind that I always realize I hear, while hearing it.

It’s a word that my father taught me to be aware of. The word is **always**. When I used to have little or bigger arguments with him, I would often say something like this: _You are always late_, or _You are late, as always_. And I would also say sentences like: _Always we argue, you don’t listen to what I have to say_. Now, I don’t want you to think I argue with my dad a lot. I love him. But like in every family and like in every parent to child relationship, we happen to have disagreements. So, when I used a sentence like that, he would remind me: _Use the word always carefully. When you use words like always, never, every-time or constantly, you can very easily hurt the person you are talking to_.

Now, my dad is a psychologist and he does a lot of couple therapy, so this advice is probably one of those he repeats very often. The reason is, that by using word always in your relationship, you can hurt your partner, friend or a family member very easily, because it’s highly probable, that your statement is not true. ~~If you tell your partner that~~ he always interrupts you, or that she always leaves the lights on, it automatically puts your partner in defensive mode. And simple as that, you are starting or escalating an argument. So instead of exaggerating the situation by using always, try to replace it with something like: _I don’t like it when you interrupt me, or It hurts me, when you are watching TV while I’m talking to you_, or _Please, could you turn the lights off when you leave the room, thank you_.

~~So back to the story why I chose this word.~~ After my dad corrected me around three times when I used this word, I started to be really sensitive to it. And not even that much from the side of others, but while using it myself. Every time I catch myself using it, I am like *No, not that word*. I immediately have the urge to correct myself and I also do so. Because in that moment I realise, that it is not true. And I do want to tell the truth and I also don’t want to hurt the others. ~~So that is the story of a word that I am trying not to use.~~

- [One Word](01-one-word)

- [Revision](https://klara-zaskalanova.github.io/english-for-designers/01-one-word/revision)
