In situations when I had little or bigger argument with my dad, I would often say something like this: _You are always late_. And I would also say sentences like: _Every-time we argue, you don’t listen to what I have to say_. Or a sentence: _You always say that, You always do so_, and so on.

</mark> Word **always** is a word that I realise while hearing it. It’s a word that my father taught me to be aware of.  Now, I don’t want you to think I argue with my dad a lot. I love him. But like in every family, and like in every parent to child relationship, we happen to have disagreements. When I would use a sentence like that, he reminded me: _Be careful while using that word. When using words like always, never, every-time or constantly, it's easy to hurt the person you are talking to_.

My dad is a psychologist and he does a lot of couple therapy. So this little advice is one of those he repeats very often. By using word always in your relationship, you can hurt your partner, friend or a family member in a second. Simply because it’s probable, that your statement is not true. <del>By telling your partner that</del> <ins>By accusing</ins> your partner of always interrupting you, or of always leaving the lights on, you automatically put them in defensive mode. And simple as that, you are starting or escalating an argument. So instead of exaggerating the situation, try to replace always with something like this: _I don’t like it when you interrupt me_. Or _It hurts me, when you are watching TV while I’m talking to you_. Or _Please, could you turn the lights off when you leave the room, thank you_.

After my dad corrected me around three times when I used this word, I started to be really sensitive to it. And not even that much while hearing it from others, but while using it myself. Every time I catch myself using it, I am like _No, not that word_. I immediately have the urge to correct myself and I also do so. Because I realise, that it is not true. 
